>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
You know, throughout
history, mankind
has been fascinated with
what could be in the skies--
UFOs, the possibility
of extraterrestrials.
And there's one man
who has investigated
many of these cases.
Has spent his entire
career investigating UFOs.
And his name is Richard Dolan.
He is a noted author,
publisher, and researcher.
Richard, welcome, my
friend, to "Beyond belief."
>>RICHARD DOLAN:
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: It's good
to have you here.
What's the name of your latest
novel and research book?
>>DOLAN: Well, it's called "UFOs
For the 21st Century Mind."
I guess you could look at
it as a fresh introduction
to the entire subject of UFOs.
I've been working in this
field now for 20 years,
and it really occurred to
me that to some people,
they might think, well, why?
What's so relevant
about UFOs today?
Aren't there more important
things to discuss?
To some people, I think it
almost seems old fashioned,
like 1950s.
But actually, I think nothing
could be farther from the case.
It's an incredibly
relevant topic.
And my feeling is
that it really could
benefit from a fresh
overview, something
that gives ordinary people a
perfect introduction to all
of the complexities, all of the
amazing mystery of this topic
that really does
make it relevant.
>>NOORY: I love the cover.
I've got to hold this up
for everybody to look at.
It's fascinating.
Explain that.
What's the method
behind this thing?
>>DOLAN: Well, it's a fun cover.
It's a Monty Python-esque
sort of look.
But really, the
idea is that it's
"UFOs For the 21st
Century Mind."
How do we think about
this topic today?
So it's not so much making
fun of as having fun
with the topic.
I wanted it to be a
little bit lighthearted
in the sense I wanted it to
be approachable for people.
>>NOORY: Well, you did
a good job doing that.
>>DOLAN: Yeah, yeah.
I loved it.
I can't claim the
credit for the idea.
But a very good
friend of mine said,
you should go with
the Python look.
And I thought, I love it.
>>NOORY: So you've been
doing this for 20 years.
Richard Dolan, the little
boy, a long, long time ago,
was he fascinated
with the stars?
Did you look up there and say,
hey, is there anybody up there?
>>DOLAN: I think so.
I think as a young
person growing up
on Long Island, New
York, I was always
a very kind of active,
sort of curious young kid.
>>NOORY: Who became
a curious adult.
>>DOLAN: Yeah, absolutely.
But no, always interested in,
I think, the deeper questions
about what makes our
world what it is.
I certainly had an interest
in astronomy and science,
and science fiction, and
mostly, though, history.
And that's really how I
approached the UFO topic.
I went through a long period
where I kind of didn't really
care about any of that stuff.
I worked on American political
history, and European history,
and Soviet history, and so on.
But then in my early
30's, about 20 years ago,
I stumbled into the topic again.
And I guess you really could
say I became obsessed with it.
>>NOORY: I have
interviewed a lot
of people in the field
of ufology, as you know,
on "Coast to Coast"
and "Beyond Belief."
And Richard, you are
a no-nonsense guy.
I mean, yes you laugh.
And yes, you have fun.
But when it comes down to
researching this and talking
about it.
You are no-nonsense.
You're very serious about this.
>>DOLAN: I try to be.
I think this a subject that
deserves serious attention.
I don't think that it's
a big cultural joke.
I don't think that
it's something
that we can just
laugh at for people
who think that they've
had abduction experiences.
What you find is that from a
national security perspective,
this has been a serious matter.
And this is something
that I've been
trying to document for 20 years.
And also on a
personal level, you
find individuals
who have what appear
to be encounters of one sort
or another, and that these
affect them very deeply.
So when you get a phenomenon
like this that hits people
at such a deep level,
I think it deserves
a serious type of attention.
>>NOORY: Back in 2001, Doctor
Steven Greer and Stephen
Bassett attempted to put
on a disclosure project.
Timing was obviously
horrible because of 9/11
when those episodes occurred.
Do you find it difficult in
this day and age, where people
are concerned about the
possibility of wars,
economic strife, just
the mess we're in,
to try to create the
relevancy of UFOs?
It's almost as
if-- though I think
it's very important to try to
find out where we came from
and who's out there.
But when we're been bombarded
with all these other events,
where do the UFO stories go?
Are they put on the back burner?
>>DOLAN: Right.
Great question.
And it comes down to what is the
relevance of UFO subject today?
My feeling is that it
is incredibly relevant.
It's part of our secret history.
I look back to the
origins of the Cold War.
We look back to the
presidency of Harry Truman.
And what we find are, in the
declassified literature--
and we have some
declassified documents that
are available to us-- we
find that this phenomenon
of flying saucers,
or UFOs, has been
important to the American
military right out the gate,
after and during World
War II and beyond.
It also looks to me
that the UFO subject
is a key component
of what we would
call the black budget,
a black budget culture.
I think many of us are
familiar now with the fact
that the American military's got
a lot of classified spending.
We call that the black budget.
And it's been such
a culture that it's
become so dominant
in our world today.
I mean, look at
all the discussion
now about the NSA and the
spying on people and citizens
around the world.
Well, I think at
the core of that,
the UFO secret has been one of
the great originators of what
we would call the black
budget phenomenon.
Not the only one, but a
key component of that.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about some
specific UFO cases, Richard.
Let's start with 1947.
The Roswell case, which I
still find to be fascinating.
Obviously something happened.
Of course, if you listen
to the government's story,
it's balloons, it's testing.
They changed the
story several times.
>>DOLAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Your opinion.
What happened there?
>>DOLAN: At the very
least, whatever came down
near Roswell, New Mexico
in 1947 was highly exotic,
not a balloon of any sort.
And the reason that
I would say this
is simply because there are
too many of the witnesses
and individuals from
that time who've
described very
unusual materials.
It's all in the
material science.
So you've got the statement of
Jesse Marcel, Senior, of course
about the metal that couldn't be
bended or dented and so forth.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
You would squeeze it and
it would come right back
to its original shape.
>>DOLAN: I had a conversation
with the granddaughter
of Mac Brazel.
>>NOORY: He was
the farmer, right?
>>DOLAN: That's correct.
Mac Brazel was the
guy who originally
found a lot of the debris.
And what I learned
from his granddaughter
is that two months after
Roswell, in September of 1947,
the Army came back
to their field.
At least about 100 soldiers
shoulder to shoulder,
going, picking through,
meticulously through,
the debris field looking
for any little scrap.
>>NOORY: Anything.
>>DOLAN: Now, you
think about that.
That's not going to be from
even a Mogul balloon apparatus.
Why would they care that much?
And then going into the
house of the Brazels,
literally emptying
out sugar containers
and going through the
entire house, looking--
>>NOORY: To see if they
were hiding things?
>>DOLAN: Absolutely.
So you have to ask yourself,
what are they talking about?
Obviously it was important.
Does that mean it
was extraterrestrial?
Well, I suppose not necessarily.
But it was something exotic.
When you look at all of the
testimony that's come out,
I think an extraterrestrial
explanation is reasonable,
in my own opinion.
>>NOORY: And of course the
reports of the occupants
that were found and
discovered there.
>>DOLAN: Right.
>>NOORY: I mean, that adds
to the entire picture.
Something was in that craft.
>>DOLAN: Yes.
Absolutely, George.
And people might want
to know that there
have been a number, a
large number of stories
through the '50s,
through the '60s and '70s
and beyond that
researchers quietly
gathered that had to
do with random stories
of military people being shown
films of alien autopsies.
This actually goes
back to the 1950s.
Or stories of someone telling
his wife, yes, on one occasion
I did a security detail at
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
and I guarded
these alien bodies.
And they just, these
stories keep coming out.
So there's enough of them, that
when you put them all together,
you really have to
ask yourself, are they
just coming up with
this at random?
Or is there something that
they're really referring to.
>>NOORY: That's there.
>>DOLAN: And I think
it's the latter.
>>DOLAN: Washington DC.
They've had a lot of
cases there, right?
Wasn't there a flap in '52.
>>DOLAN: Absolutely.
It's one of the most
well-known ones.
And one of the most
important ones,
I think, from a UFO
research point of view.
1952 was a big year in general.
It was the year that a
lot of these sightings
just kind of exploded
across the United States.
Civilians and
military alike were
recording all kinds of very
inexplicable encounters,
a lot of military
encounters with UFOs.
And the real crescendo, the
climax, I think you could say,
was in July of 1952.
Two weekends in a row, over the
nation's capital in Washington
DC, where you have air traffic
controllers tracking on radar,
pilots seeing visually,
people on the ground
seeing objects in the skies.
>>NOORY: And many
objects, right?
>>DOLAN: Quite a few.
Multiple objects.
Attempted intercepts failed.
I spoke to I think the
last surviving air traffic
controller a couple of years ago
shortly before his own death--
he was in his 90's-- a
fellow named Howard Conklin,
who told me explicitly about
how he had a visual of one
of the objects and that they
were tracking them on radar.
And you know, it
was such a big thing
that it made the front page
of the "New York Times."
And that was when the
US Air Force realized,
we've got to throw some
cold water on this.
>>NOORY: Wasn't there a
picture of these craft all
over Washington DC?
>>DOLAN: Yes, there
is a photograph.
And you know, like all
good UFO photographs--
>>NOORY: It's bizarre.
>>DOLAN: --there's been
a lot of debate over it.
Is that the reflection of
lights through the camera lens?
Or is it something legit?
And I wouldn't really want
to make a total determination
on that.
I'm not sure.
But even aside from
the photograph,
which is a good one,
there's no question
that there was a genuine
phenomenon that the traffic
controllers were not
persuaded, by the way,
by the Air Force official
explanation, which
is it was all
weather phenomenon.
And it's called
temperature inversion.
And people just
got all mixed up.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
But clearly that
photograph was published
because of that event, right?
>>DOLAN: Exactly.
>>NOORY: It's not like it
came out 20 years later.
>>DOLAN: No, no.
You're exactly right.
So yeah, the photograph is
certainly an interesting one.
And again, it's one
of those things where
I think every good UFO case
is going to have someone who's
going to put it in
their crosshairs
and they're going to
try to take it down.
But the DC over
flights in 1952 were
and remain a very
significant one.
>>NOORY: There's another case
that occurred in the United
Kingdom, in Rendlesham Forest.
What is that case?
>>DOLAN: Well, this is
in late December 1980.
And the Rendlesham Forest
was near two air bases,
Bentwaters and Woodbridge, that
were operated by US personnel,
Bentwaters in particular.
And what you have are a
number of US personnel seeing
what initially they thought
was an aircraft crashing
in the woods, in
the forested region.
>>NOORY: They went
chasing this thing.
>>DOLAN: They go in there.
And the two lead guys, James
Penniston and John Burroughs--
and their story is
a fascinating one.
They appear to have
gotten very close
to either a landed or
nearly-landed hovering craft.
Penniston got up and touched it.
Burroughs was very
close behind him.
And the thing about
that, of course,
is that there was
radiation signatures
in the aftermath of that.
They go back and tested it.
There were--
>>NOORY: You mean after
he touched it, for him?
>>DOLAN: In the area
the following day.
>>NOORY: In the area, OK.
>>DOLAN: And there were
traces on the ground that
were studied and looked at.
And this went on for
a couple of days.
The next encounter, which
was just two days later,
Lieutenant Colonel Charles
Halt, who was the deputy wing
commander, goes out
there with his guys.
He brings a bunch out because
there were more sightings.
And what he saw was, I mean,
just absolutely bizarre.
He was recording it on
audio, and that's available,
anyone can listen
to that on YouTube.
But he saw an object above,
a bright object, that
at one point shone an
intense beam of light
down to where,
unbeknownst to the public,
there was nuclear ordinance
stored underneath,
under the ground at that base.
And this is important
because to this day--
>>NOORY: Who would know, right?
>>DOLAN: To this day,
the MOD has never
acknowledged that there was
nuclear ordinance down there
because the UK
public would not have
been very happy about that.
But what he told
two researchers was
that the beam penetrated
alternate levels
of ground and concrete,
quote, "adversely
affecting the ordinance."
Those were his words.
So there was apparently a
nuclear connection to this.
And Bentwaters Base
was a forward NATO base
in dealing with the Soviet Union
in terms of nuclear weapons.
So if anything in the Cold
War really got serious,
that base would have
been a key base.
And the other thing about it
is that in December 1980--
we often forget this-- but there
was a lot of Cold War tension.
This is the era of what
was called the Polish Union
Solidarity, kind
of the beginning
of the end of the Cold War.
And there was a lot of political
tension going on at the time
and concern that
gee, maybe there
would have to be
a military action.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
It was almost as if these
occupants tried to tell us
we know what you're doing and
we can shut you down any time.
Because that episode
was not the only episode
where craft were spotted
over nuclear facilities.
>>DOLAN: No, by no means.
There's actually a very long
history of apparent interest
by these other unknown objects,
whoever, whatever they are,
and nuclear technology.
And this goes right
back to the beginning.
Some of our earliest
declassified reports
have to do with UFO
sightings over places
like Los Alamos, and Oak
Ridge, and the Hanford
nuclear facility in Washington.
All of these were key early
US atomic energy sites.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>DOLAN: And we've got
declassified reports
showing round objects,
large in number,
being seen over some
of these facilities.
>>NOORY: We came into the
club and they knew it, right?
>>DOLAN: Well, right, and you
think about the significance
of nuclear technology and
how revolutionary that is,
what a major stepping stone
that is for human science.
And if there's any observing
intelligence watching us,
they had to be thinking oh gosh,
the kids got the matches now,
and let's keep a
closer eye on them.
>>NOORY: Tell me about
the Battle of Los Angeles.
World War II, tremendous
concern about the Japanese-- an
object seen off the coast of LA.
>>DOLAN: That's right.
And this is three months
after Pearl Harbor.
It's February 1942.
The United States is
in very high alert.
This is a serious time.
>>NOORY: We're at war.
>>DOLAN: And now
we're in Los Angeles,
which is facing the Pacific.
On the way to Japan, of course.
And what happens?
There were Japanese
military that
were in the Pacific-- not
in large numbers, of course.
And so there was a concern.
Are the Japanese going to try to
do something to the West Coast?
But what the Battle
of Los Angeles--
this is not Japanese technology.
An object was tracked on
radar coming toward LA.
And well after midnight,
early in the morning,
it's over Los Angeles.
And by some accounts,
it's multiple objects.
You've got military personnel
with their field binoculars,
some of them getting a
very good look at this,
and typically describing it
as a large type of an object.
There is a photograph of this.
>>NOORY: They could hear pings
when they shot at it, right?
>>DOLAN: I think some witnesses
believe they heard that.
I've spoke to two
witnesses who were
children who actually
observed this.
What we do know is
that the US military
fired 1,430 rounds
of artillery at this.
>>NOORY: That's a lot.
>>DOLAN: Didn't take it down.
You think what's
going to handle over
1,000 artillery rounds
are not go down.
This thing did not.
>>NOORY: And did they
miss that many times?
Probably not.
>>DOLAN: They could not have.
And again, it's an
interesting case.
And there's been alternate
types of theories.
One person suggested that it
was kind of a tracking balloon
that we put up that
would gauge the wind.
Lighted balloons that may
have triggered some panic
in the soldiers who
may not have known.
But really, when you think about
all of these possibilities,
I don't think that that's really
the case because this did not
come down and it
just glided off.
And it was tracked on radar
coming to the coast, so what
are we talking about, here?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>DOLAN: Not
Japanese technology.
>>NOORY: And one artillery shell
would have knocked that thing
out--
>>DOLAN: No question.
>>NOORY: --if it were
some kind of balloon.
>>DOLAN: Absolutely.
So it's an unknown.
>>NOORY: Tell me about "UFOs
For the 21st Century Mind."
>>DOLAN: Well, you
know, what we can
talk about UFOs in the
21 century, the thing
about it is-- many
people may not
be aware-- UFO sightings
have not gone away, not
by any means.
If you go online, to the
two top websites that
collect UFO reports have a
combined of roughly about
12,000 reports each year
in North America alone.
>>NOORY: 12,000.
>>DOLAN: About 12,000
by my estimate.
That's the MUFON database and
the National UFO Reporting
Center.
And I don't think there's a
whole lot of overlap there.
They're each reporting 6,
7,000 sightings a year.
It's remarkable.
>>NOORY: And most of them
are probably natural, right?
Or man made?
Most of them.
>>DOLAN: Yes, I think so.
But we have to keep
in mind two things.
A, when you really go
through these reports--
and admittedly, most of them do
not get a proper investigation,
so we want to keep that in mind.
Nevertheless, I would
encourage anyone just
to go online to the National
UFO Reporting Center
and just read through
some of the reports.
Some of these are very explicit.
>>NOORY: They are.
>>DOLAN: And some of them have
gotten followup interviews.
And I don't think that they're
just easily explained away.
And the other thing
is that we have
to remember that for every
report that is filed,
there are probably at least
10 or more that are not.
>>NOORY: That are not.
That's true.
>>DOLAN: That are not.
So there's a lot
going on that I think
it's a significant phenomenon.
>>NOORY: Are the reports
getting more qualified
by people who are
police, pilots,
that you would generally
say, you know what?
They know what
they're looking at.
>>DOLAN: Well, there's always
been a significant number
of reports that are
made by these types
of qualified individuals.
So pilots, yes, they
are very good witnesses.
And you frequently get stories
of pilots reporting things
that-- they're in
the air all the time
and they absolutely
do see things
that are not explainable.
And the problem with pilots is
that they feel very constrained
about talking about
this because it really
can harm their careers.
Police officers are
some of the best
witnesses that we can have.
I mean, think about it.
Cops are often out of
doors to begin with.
They're often called to respond
to UFO reports frequently.
Someone sees a UFO, they'll
often call the police.
And they are trained observers.
And when you talk to police
officers about these,
you'll almost
always find they are
very rational, very objective.
They don't try to--
>>NOORY: Embellish or lie.
>>DOLAN: No, absolutely not.
So they make some of the
best witnesses we have.
>>NOORY: I remember
a case when I
was doing a broadcast
in Saint Louis.
And I started
getting phone calls
from people in the
Illinois area, right across
from the Mississippi.
>>DOLAN: Yes, yes.
>>NOORY: Millstadt, Illinois.
>>DOLAN: Correct.
>>NOORY: And there
were police officers
who witnessed a large
triangular-shaped object.
And people still
around the country
continue to see this thing.
It's very close, though,
to military bases,
or Air Force bases.
And I've always wondered
do we have something that's
storage that just floats
around the country?
If so, what is it for?
I don't know.
I haven't come up
with any conclusions.
>>DOLAN: Well, that particular
case you referred to
is one of the most
interesting to me,
and that took place
in January of 2000.
And indeed, there were a
number of civilian witnesses
and police officers who saw this
very large, and low, and silent
triangular object, perfectly
triangled craft, going
over a number of towns,
going towards Saint Louis.
And this has not been explained
in any legitimate way.
You had news personnel
at the time reporting it,
and I remember this.
And they would have the
typical chuckle at the end.
Gee, you know, is it--
with the "X-Files" music,
and hinting that maybe it
was a military type of craft.
But if so, I would
just say, well, that's
cool, if you want to
say it's military.
But isn't anyone curious about
what makes these things go?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>DOLAN: What allows
it to be silent?
And by the way, the
final police officer
who saw this object
depart said it took off
at a very high rate of speed.
So it was quiet,
slow, silent really.
>>NOORY: And then, goom!
>>DOLAN: And then, shhhp, gone.
What does that?
Isn't anyone curious?
>>NOORY: And if we had it
for military applications,
why in the heck
don't we use it when
we're in these wars and
all these other strife?
>>DOLAN: I've asked myself
that question many, many times.
And you would think, gee, it
would have come in handy Iraq.
It would have come in
handy in Afghanistan.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh, everywhere.
>>DOLAN: But I would
suggest that it's
very likely that there
are some technologies that
are so classified
that they are deemed
to be too important for
mere geopolitical warfare.
Go back even into the 1980s,
when the United States
did an airstrike on Libya in
1986, on Gaddafi's people,
remember this?
And at the time, the
US had stealth fighter
was operational, but
it was classified.
>>NOORY: Right.
We didn't know about at all.
>>DOLAN: And the stealth fighter
was not used for that strike,
I suspect because
revealing its existence
would've been a worst thing.
So it was too important
for that mission.
So we have this example of
the military holding back
some of their best
technologies because we
don't want the world
to know we have it.
It's a perverse
mentality in a way,
but it does make
sense in terms of what
we might call this
very exotic propulsion,
very exotic technology.
What would it be used
for if not for warfare?
Well hey, we've
got this phenomenon
of these unknown
objects that are
able to have
extraordinary capability.
Maybe, just maybe, we're
using our own versions
of that technology
to deal with them.
>>NOORY: Do others, if
its military, have it?
Do the Russians have it?
Do the Chinese have it?
>>DOLAN: Yeah.
That's one of the $64,000
questions: how far advanced
are some of these other nations?
I don't know the answer to this.
I don't know if the
Chinese have done
their own reverse
engineering, or the Russians.
The Russians have a
long known history
of their own encounters with
this exact same phenomenon.
And they also have
a number of cases
where there appear to have been
retrievals of exotic technology
as well.
>>NOORY: I've seen some film.
>>DOLAN: Down in--
>>NOORY: Don't know
if it's real or not,
but it looks pretty compelling.
>>DOLAN: Yes.
And when the Soviet Union
broke apart in 1990, '91,
this was when a lot
of the leaks came out.
What you find is when there's
a lot of political strife
in a nation, I
observe that there's
a lot of opportunity
for leaks to come out.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>DOLAN: And in this
case in the Soviet Union,
a lot did come out.
And it does appear
to me that, yes,
they had their own encounters
with the extraordinary,
with these UFOs.
>>NOORY: Many presidents,
when they're elected,
try to chase down
these UFO stories.
They want to find
out what's going on.
Carter was one of them.
>>DOLAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Clinton
was another one.
Do US presidents know
what the heck is going on?
Or are they kept in
the dark like we are?
>>DOLAN: I had a
long conversation
with a very senior briefing
officer, a CIA man who actually
had briefed at least one
of the recent US presidents
on a regular basis.
A brilliant man.
I asked him that exact question.
How much do presidents know?
His answer to me-- and
this made a lot of sense--
he said some have
known more than others.
He said, think of it this way.
Presidents come and go.
The career people,
the bureaucrats,
they're there for life.
>>NOORY: They stay.
>>DOLAN: Some
presidents are reliable.
Some are less reliable.
Some are trusted.
Some are less trusted.
What he said to me was
that Jimmy Carter knew.
Ronald Reagan knew.
George Bush, Senior knew.
>>NOORY: Nixon knew.
>>DOLAN: Nixon knew.
Yeah.
I didn't have a long
conversation with him
about Nixon.
But yes, I think
there's no question.
Nixon did.
He said his implication was that
Bill Clinton and George W Bush
did not.
>>NOORY: They didn't
want them to know.
>>DOLAN: No.
No.
Exactly.
He did tell me a story
that I've mentioned
once or twice
about Jimmy Carter.
And I credit this story.
And he said it was known to
him that Carter did receive
a briefing on the UFO/ET
phenomenon in June of 1977.
That's his first
year as president.
It was not known to this man
what was told Jimmy Carter.
But it was known to him that
at the end of the briefing,
Carter was seen at his desk,
with his elbows on the desk,
head in his hands
and that he was
sobbing or apparently sobbing.
He was upset.
>>NOORY: Now, would you sob
because you're just enlightened
over the knowledge of it?
Or maybe you're petrified?
Maybe they told him
something horrible?
What do you think?
>>DOLAN: Right.
Well, again, we can guess here.
>>NOORY: Spectulate.
>>DOLAN: But I think
from that account
and from a number of others that
I have, that have come to me,
I think it's a serious
piece of information.
Something that maybe
someone wouldn't
want their kids to know about.
Something that's serious.
So my own guess
is that A, he was
told this is a very serious
problem beyond our ability
fully to control.
And then B, probably
the US president
doesn't really have a whole
lot of operational authority
over it.
>>NOORY: My god.
What do you think they told him?
We're being taken?
>>DOLAN: Yeah.
Maybe.
You know, people
are being taken.
I think they could
very well have been.
If I'm guessing, I
think the president
would be told there is a
presence of other beings here.
They are here for the long term.
They're not going away.
>>NOORY: That we can't stop.
>>DOLAN: We cannot stop it.
And we have to have a permanent
policy of secrecy and deception
about this-- and very
probably, because I
think threats would be involved.
>>NOORY: I think you're right.
>>DOLAN: It wouldn't shock me
if someone said to Jimmy Carter,
hey, if you really want
to get cute with this,
we could do a Kennedy on you.
You could go away.
You know, you hear these
rumors quietly being discussed.
Don't talk.
I had a conversation with
another senior government
person who said, look, you
talk about the NSA having
the goods on everyone.
They've got the goods on every
politician, whether blackmail
or whatever, to control them.
>>NOORY: Hoover did too.
>>DOLAN: Oh yes he did.
J. Edgar Hoover was probably
America's top blackmailer
of all time.
>>NOORY: He was, that's right.
For his own little purposes.
>>DOLAN: So there's blackmail,
and then there's worse.
And I certainly think they're
not beyond very severe threats.
I had a conversation once
with astronaut Edgar Mitchell
about this.
>>NOORY: I love that guy.
>>DOLAN: It's quite relevant.
I love Edgar.
And he had talked for a number
of years about two ultra elite
connections that he had who
told him about alien technology
and bodies that
were being studied.
He doesn't really talk about
this much anymore, but he did.
And I once asked
Edgar Mitchell--
I said, look, I know
you like my work.
You tell me you think
I do a good job.
So can you throw me a bone here?
>>NOORY: Please.
>>DOLAN: You've talked
about these two individuals.
Even if you can't give
up their identity,
can you give me a little
bit more information, right?
And what he said to me was,
Richard, the individuals
who came to me did so at great
professional and personal risk.
And he said, risk
to their families.
And he said while
they are alive,
I cannot and will not
give up their identity.
So you think risk to families.
What does that mean?
Well, you know, we could
fill in the blanks.
>>NOORY: What an
incredible story.
Richard, people want to
track you on your website.
How do they find you?
>>DOLAN: Yeah.
I have a website called
richarddolanpress.com.
It's got information on what I
do, the books that I publish.
I do publish books by other
very interesting authors
in this field.
I think I've gathered together
a nice little stable of authors
that are very cutting
edge in their own way.
>>NOORY: Super.
>>DOLAN: And that's all
on Richard Dolan Press.
>>NOORY: Thank you for being
on "Beyond Belief," my friend.
>>DOLAN: My pleasure, George.
>>NOORY: OK, so the next
time you watch the skies,
rest assured that
we've got people
like Richard Dolan watching
the skies for us as well.
I'm George Noory and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."